Adjust language, grammar, and small mistakes (#19)
NETWAYS/foreman-training: provisioning/03_pxe.md

~~~SECTION:handouts~~~

Host groups are used to group hosts, the groups can be organized in a hierarchical way by nesting them.

> The host groups allow to add defaults for all options required by Foreman for provisioning and depending on your environment also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host groups enables adding defaults for all options required by Foreman for provisioning and depending on your environment also
```
